that took some effort

Whoever uses the last of the roll replaces it and whenever it falls on her there’s a 50/50 chance I’ll find it like this. She swears it’s by accident

That's called lying.

And being passive aggressive probably lol

Or she could just be having fun.
She hasn't exactly committed a horrible offense. Lol.

Off with her head

To the guillotine

Let her eat Kotex!

Thats how it starts.
Next she will accidentally put a pillow over his head as he sleeps..

First she stabs the paper towels.  Then, puts plastic bag over his head.  While holding him down, stabs him with blunt or sharp objects.  It’s classic Girlfriend 110.

What happened to Girlfriend 101 through 109? Quite an advanced class huh?

So sorry you’re new here. Everything is an intentional slight against you, your family and friends, and way of life. The only recourse OP has is to break up immediately.

Marry her first, so he can divorce her properly

Don't forget to have have a kid (or kids) with her first

Isn't that why it's here on mildly infuriating?
It's a little annoying when you just need a paper towel, but easily fixable and not a big deal.

Maybe OP always leaves a roll behind with only one usable piece which makes her do this. 
Or maybe she's just trolling

It's a fucking war crime..don't sugar coat it

When it escalates to this, shouldn't we just call it aggressive/passive?

[deleted]

I just am confused about how much effort this would take to push through the roll, wouldnt you notice and try to fix it

You would literally feel the resistance of trying to push holder through the paper towels and not just falling right onto the holder through the hole. This isn’t lack of hand eye coordination it’s either not giving a shit and lying about it or being stupid.

Was going to say the same thing lol if you do it right you essentially drop the roll, if you have to jam the roll into the holder you've obviously missed it lol

lol right, nice try defending that

You forgot a possible explanation: Malicious intent.

Don’t ya know?? 
but but my illness excuses my borderline infant behavior 
/s

Look I'm not calling you a liar.
But for me this would be like if I tried to text someone (assuming no autocorrection) "Thank you" and accidentally typed "Fuck you" and didn't notice. I just can't fathom someone doing that.

Yeah I know what you’re saying, I’m probably just trying to see the good in people too much.

Reminds me of my wife,  she can do things like this but it’s not on purpose.  I know because she’s hurt herself or be affected by her own antics.

So do you ever go back later after you've made the mistake, noticed that it's a mistake and then fix said mistake?
Or do you notice you made the mistake go "Ha I'm so silly 😜" and then leave it the way you found it.

I mean I go back and fix it. I think “silly me” and then fix it haha. I guess not everyone does that?

I'm thinking that the people who don't do that probably meant to do it wrong the first time.

I think it takes some force to do that, normally you would just let the roll fall into position I think...

A suggestion if you ever feel like this might happen to you would be to keep a finger in the hole at the bottom of the roll as you're guiding it onto the holder. If you don't feel the metal there, you've missed the mark.

Lmao even then you’d probably realize this and fix it right?

The chances of OP’s girlfriend having the same rare condition as you are extremely low…

I mean it’s not as rare as you think! And a lot people don’t get diagnosed until later in life! Also men are more likely to have it than women so though don’t tend to diagnose us half as much :)

She's totally cheating. Next thing you know shes like, "its like the paper towel thing, I was trying to set up my friend with this guy and he ended up in me instead accidentally"

I believe you. I once parked my car perfectly at a store. Came back and found some idiot had parked half way sticking out into the road. That idiot was me. I still don't know how I didn't notice it.

[deleted]

People disagreed with you. That doesn't have anything to do with your disability. Downvotes don't matter anyways, don't take it personally. 
Putting paper away the wrong way is not even a serious situation, so if someone talks to you angrily, don't take it serious, as the whole topic is not serious.

I’ve definitely done this before by accident. I usually notice and fix it but I can see one it happens to other people unnoticed.
It helps that I have this exact kitchen roll holder. It is too small for a lot of kitchen rolls

This my friend is called weaponizing incompetence. Do things wrong enough time and the other person will end up doing it. 
I do it to my wife all the time. Jk I’m bad at folding laundry to her standards, perfect fucking creases.

I have bins that fit on the wardrobe shelves.. I just throw everything in there.. no folding needed

Yeah I got sick of folding things so now all my shirts get hung up

I got sick of folding things so now all my shirts are wrinkly

My dryer is also my closet

Nobody puts this much effort into an "accident".

She slipped and fell, and it accidently slipped in. Then was like... oh well.

The fact that she didn't rip a single sheet doing this.......it was definitely premeditated xD

slipped and fell? this happened multiple times according to op
this is just a textbook example of not caring enough to fix a simple task

