

✨⭐ Don't miss our 50-million-subscriber-mark celebration! ⭐✨
This is a friendly reminder to read our rules. 
Memes, social media, hate-speech, and pornography are not allowed. 
Screenshots of Reddit are expressly forbidden, as are TikTok videos.
Rule-breaking posts may result in bans.
Please also be wary of spam.


I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Bro has no laughing animation
Gonna submit a bug report on GitHub.
laugh.exe is not responding...
I've seen enough women loaded on botox at comedy clubs to not find this strange at all.
It's missing their "Smile_whike_Laughs_DLC.exe"
He’s just doing the sound of laughing without actually being amused. People do it all the time to act like they’re a part of groups they feel they need to involved with but don’t actually enjoy what they do.
The crazy thing is that people think it’s the same as something actually making you laugh. Most people grow out of it, some people still think that the person who laughs the loudest is having the best time and has no cares. Rather than being insecure and so needing to try to outperform everyone else.
Also, we’re social animals and laughing is a bonding activity. You don’t have to find something really funny to laugh with the group. It simply feels good to laugh with people
Apparently it's something evolved? There's suspense when we aren't sure what's up then it's not a threat and we make alot of noise to show we aren't afraid of giving our position away and be open and vulnerable?
I know I’m not the only one who has approached a small group of laughing people and joined in without having the slightest clue of what they were talking about
Euphoric brothers kid be like.
I don't care if it was a skit or real life, he did a damn good job with that straight faced laugh
Almost definitely a skit, but her reaction seemed real in the end, her eyes say she wasn't quite expecting that much
Yeah, she looked like she couldn't tell if he was actually laughing at first or having a grand mal stroke
That's a seizure, not a stroke. Sorry; cut close to home.
I've had a grand Mal and you don't scream or laugh either just kinda hit the floor.
In my experience, you hit the floor and wake up 10mins later with EMTs surrounding you, having no idea where you are.
Yep, this be how it be. With blood pouring out of your mouth cause you bit the everloving fuck out of your tongue while jostling around
Not in my experienced. Car was totalled, though
That's one of my biggest fears. No idea what caused it the one time, and seizing out while driving my wife around sounds like about the worst thing imaginable
We unfortunately know what caused mine. I had a grade 3 astrocytoma right over my Broca's area, and we had no idea until the crash. I posted the pics of it on another account that got permabammed
Edit: Found the post.
Luckily, I didn't bite my tongue. The first time, I was at my place and pissed myself, though. Other times were at a target, at work, and then at my friend's house. Still don't know what's causing them either, all we know for sure is it's not epilepsy.
That fucking suuuucks. I only had the one, and my neurologist said "might be caffeine related". I cannot imagine how hard it must be having them regularly
Yea, man, it's been rough. Thanks for understanding. At this point, they seem to be just like try this medication and hope it helps. Shit takes time though never really know how or if one will happen.
Been trying to get on disability because of them, and a broken back a few years ago from a different injury (they are probably linked, but I did have my first seizure before I broke it). Disability is a whole different nightmare.
Did that. Came out of the kitchen saying "What's that weird smell?" and woke up on the floor, having dropped like a sack of potatoes.
That's what you thought but everyone around you was like "I can't believe this guy's laughing with a straight face" until you fell.
Ayy, you beat me to it, also known as a tonic-clonic seizure^
It was dubbed.
Even if I had seen it before and knew it was coming, I would still react like she did, that's shit's funny
This is kinda wild, I worked with a woman who's face was partially paralyzed and she literally could not smile. I thought she absolutely despised me until I found out about her condition. Turns out she was cool as hell and this reminded me of her laughing (minus the deafening squeals lol).
lol that is a good story. I've been there. Have learned to never assume...or at least am working on it
Yeah, he did a great job and they're a cute couple.
Ironically, she’s got a really nice smile. Lol
Reddit watches a movie: "I don't care if it was scripted, the set pieces and overall story were top notch. And I liked the performances from everyone who had lines in the script, overall I really liked it... again, even though it's scripted" 
Nah I'm just kidding. I get what you mean but this is ALWAYS the top comment on these kinda posts so I found it funny.
Nobody wonders if a movie is scripted, but with TikTok/Insta it's often less clear.
I think 99% of them are scripted.
The biggest hint is that they recorded it.
No it isn't, a guy showcasing this for real could also likely want to record it
It feels like just socially inept people not understanding that: yes we all know it's scripted. So they feel compelled to throw an /r/iamverysmart comment on every single one of these like the rest of the planet is dumber than them even though they're the ones who don't understand sketch comedy.
Excuse me, some of us are socially inept but don't act like we're geniuses because of it.
Not everyone knows this is scripted though. That’s the thing. There are people in this thread who don’t know it’s scripted.
It's always these dumb "everyone knows it's scripted" comments. No, not everyone does. That's the whole point. Go to Facebook to see how dumb people can really be and how you can convince them anything is real.
I agree, ironically enough the above post actually gives off more of a  r/iamverysmart vibe than what he is actually talking about.
Ok, I'm going to give the world my hottest take, and I have been thinking about it for a bit. 
You SHOULD care that skits are presented as if they're real life, without the usual signs of it being a scripted production. 
This conditions your brain to believe information despite there being some signs that it's off. You inherently know when someone is lying to you, but by consuming a lot this type of media, you unlearn this very helpful skill. 
The result is that you become far more susceptible to being manipulated by media when it lies to you. When Tucker Carlson comes up on the news and tells you there's a 10-mile long caravan outside the US borders, you believe him because you've dismantled your bullshit defenses.
Or you learn to not care about harmless skits that make you laugh while still being skeptical of anything that tries to make you angry or otherwise push you into supporting one side over another? I have no bullshit detector with funny videos because there's literally no benefit. All it would do is make me enjoy the video less as I'd be too focused on discerning the meaningless truth.
This is pseudo-intellectual nonsense people tell themselves to feel better about "well akshualling" everything.
It's also not a hot take. It's very popular on reddit because this site is full of people who's defining trait is being the smartest one in the room - or at least thinking they are.
You're not immunizing yourself to falsehood. You've just got backwards priorities.
I enjoy these for what they are and still think Tucker is a dickwad. This is a huge stretch to justify "I don't like that other people enjoyed this"

"I don't like that other people enjoyed this"

Nobody said that, in fact, they said the opposite, so what are you even arguing against?
The ones which are scripted and NOT funny suck. This one may have been scripted, but it's funny, cause it doesn't rely on being real for the humour. They're two completely separate scenarios, and it gets weird people always act like there's just one and keep defending the dumb ones
Wow I guess I should stop consuming all works of fiction. They teach me to enjoy lies. From this point forwards its only documentaries and pop science books for me.
I dont think she was in on it, just him
