  ✨⭐ Don't miss our 50-million-subscriber-mark celebration! ⭐✨ This is a friendly reminder to read our rules.  Memes, social media, hate-speech, and pornography are not allowed.  Screenshots of Reddit are expressly forbidden, as are TikTok videos. Rule-breaking posts may result in bans. Please also be wary of spam.   I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns. 
Jokes on you, you're about to sell the hell outta this. 
Yeah. Like, if he actually patented and produced these dude would make bank. Imagine if he made anime/hentai ones. They’d sell like hotcakes 
With an insert for a pocket pussy? 
wait.. 
[removed] 
There.... is a dog??!?? 
Well... you've certainly convinced me not to click that link. I was morbidly curious at first but nah, wth 
i didn't see one with a phone mount though. 
You don't want your hump stump to get jealous of you watching porn while you bang it do you? 
What a day to have eyes 
Wow. That's all I have to say about that just now. 
Ya, I'm just surprised that so many people have a fetish for amputees. 
I imagine the fast voiced guy from K-Tel saying "Legs sold separately" at the end of a commercial LOL! 
I think it's in part to the one child policy and drastic difference between qty of eligible females and males by a huge margin leading to many loney fellers. But if you also go to a sex convention here in north America there's many more people and those same products so what do I know lol 
Lt Dan she ain’t got no legs 
what was this comment? 
Why was there a dog in there? 
I think you know. 
My brother probably wants one, where can he buy one? 
is your brothers name "Reflection"? 
"For Christmas purposes." 
get him one with your face on it 
$100 upcharge 
I want a small cut for my ingenious suggestion. 
"Can u put a fuckable hole on it" - Squirtinturds, Nov 2023 
 I want a small cut  We can make it adjustable. 
Is this like that My Little Pony plush from like 10 years ago?? 
r/clopclop has entered the chat Edit:  This is VERY NSFW/L 
For the more curious and daring, be warned: that link is not safe for brain 
There was a time on reddit, long ago, where I determined to click all the links.  I could not be deterred. I persevere today, but that was one of the clicks I never could have expected. It's not the content, it's the dedication. 
!!! Omg I fucking knew it before I even clicked the damn link. I used to do court transcription a little over a decade ago, and we got copies of all the evidence presented during the hearings to make sure jargon and names were spelled correctly. One time I had to transcribe a hearing where a state employee got shitcanned for moderating an NSFW RP site and distributing his own BDSM fan art to coworkers with his govt email. So guess what I got paid to look at all day? Lmao, the images are still burned into my retinas. 
This is the first thought that popped into my head as soon as i saw the phone clipped to the head in the video hahaha. 
"Effortlessly slide it into the included holster" 
Throw some c cups on that thing with a PPPP.  Perfectly Placed Pocket Pussy….Collect all the money. 
Lonely Lounger 2.0 
boy do i have news for you! 
What... What are you doing step redditor! 
My first thought was if maybe they could design a phone holder that fits on a real person's head backward, so you can look at your phone easily while spooning your partner. 
Objects are made by men, and used for many purposes... but we never... love... objects. 
Yeah, this guy accidentally comes up with a revolutionary idea every once in a while. I’m surprised he has not capitalized on this. 
He has 4mil on yt and sells things in stories, hes making bank off this stuff. 
He's more of a making things kinda guy instead of a selling things kinda guy 
Because it’s marginal profits at best. After mass production costs etc etc macroeconomics etc etc. gag gifts at best 
He's the anti-Crazy Japanese Mega inventor.  That Japanese guy patents, makes, and sells every damn thing he thinks of.  Of which a few made him millions and millions of bucks. This guy just wants the lulz, and a few millions from Ads.  Work hard vs work smart. 
Link? I'm definitely not lonely though. 
Well not after you ordered 3 of them... 
Do they do two packs? I can finally have that threesome sammich spoon sesh I've always dreamed of 
All of his products get ripped off and sold. This one will not be an exception. 
BUY LINK? ONLY FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES 
