This is quite a long story (made previous post in September) but we have had a mice infestation the walls for quite some time. I sent him this em and this was his response. Is this considered retaliation?? 
You need a lawyer. How long have you lived there? 
13 years 
Idk about pa, but in NY, after 13 years, you wouldn't be able to give a tenant 30 days' notice.  You need a lawyer. Does PA have any tenant aid organizations? 
Ill look into it 
Why the heck would they mention security deposit 13 years later? 
I think OP’s landlord wants/expects for every new/renewed lease a security deposit and “last months rent”*. Which, from my understanding isn’t how it works, and that’s actually not okay.  They really need a lawyer for this. 
Wow! I've never heard of having to pay a security deposit and last months rent every time you renew your lease! I would never agree to live somewhere where that was expected! 
My apartment complex makes tenants do a security deposit every year upon renewal until you reach X amount. It’s only $100 a year, and they do it so people don’t have to fork over an additional $1500+ when they sign their lease. 
Its not an additional $1500 though a security deposit is in case of damage not rent. 
I actually like that. 
My apartment was like this also! When you renewed it was $100. 
I unfortunately lived somewhere (in CA) that did this exact same thing. The increase would come annually, along with an increase in security deposit. 
If landlord is collecting info last months rent and security deposit at each renewal, then after the 13 years that OP has lived there, the landlord has collected well over a full year’s extra rent. Crook. 
He’s likely increasing the security deposit each time he increases rent and is asking for the difference of the new deposit amount and what he is currently holding. 
Yep lot of places will do this even with last months rent to keep it current to the current rent. But it should be itemized in the lease for both items. 
Correct. They can up the deposit, I believe, but as long as they continue to pay monthly the deposit should only be paid once. This landlord probably thinks he gets to keep the deposit too. Last month may need to be paid the difference one time if rent goes up. Other than that, last month only happens once. 
Yes... Check out TURN/community legal services... They have almost daily zoom workshops run by lawyers that are excellent 
https://phillytenantsunion.org/ 
I live in Philly. Definitely check out the Tenants Union. You may also want to post on the Philly subreddit, r/Philadelphia. There are frequent posts about tenant issues and people know the PA/Philly laws. 
https://phillytenant.org/ 
https://phillytenant.org/legal-help/ 
https://phillytenant.org/resource-library/ 
https://rturn.net/tenant-union-representative-network-services/renters-rights-webinar/ 
https://clsphila.org/services/housing/ 
Also you might be doing this already but make sure youre paying rent to the court You cannot legally withhold rent, but you can withhold it from the landlord by paying it to the court. The money is then released once repairs are made (or not if theyre not) 
Some states do allow payment to an escrow account. No idea about Pennsylvania! 
When we did it, we were still in our lease. And we did the same, informed them we were going to hold rent in escrow. IF there's a new lease agreement and no signature, then you don't have a leg to stand on. 
you should look into hiring a lawyer but here's a few resources: palawhelp.org < directory for law offices, some free hotlines as well phrc.pa.gov < overview of why this could be considered discrimination. Retaliation from your landlord, as you have a filed a complaint already phrc.pa.gov < main page on the above topic, with links & further info on how to file a complaint 
I would suggest reaching out to Penns law clinic for free legal support at the law school. 
Philly has one im pretty sure, DM me if you can't find it my friend does housing law in Philly and represents people in similar situations 
Yeah; pa doesn’t have those rules. It actually looks like they only require 15 days notice on month to month. Does Philly allow you to withhold rent? Pa doesn’t have such rules. Ask me how I know 🙄 
Yes but it has to go into escrow. There are free tenant legal services in Philly will help you with that. 
I did escrow once. It's escrow ordered by a legal authority. You can not just setup your own escrow. This was Ohio. 
While things progress and go through the process though, having a specific account does help to show good faith and that you weren't looking to skip out on it entirely. 
You can't just not pay. However, you have legal right to withhold rent by putting it in escrow as the OP has done. You're still paying, but the landlord won't receive it from the 3rd party escrow until he fixes the issue. That is legally how you withhold rent. 
Nope. Don’t do this. It can cause trigger an eviction. Quick Google says state of PA requires property be certified by a government agency to be unfit for habitation. Also, part of my job includes lease reviews for renters and there are virtually no jurisdictions that allow tenants to withhold rent, at their sole discretion, under any circumstances. Putting money in an escrow account can help tenants (shows consideration) if they end up in court, but that’s a moot point if the jurisdiction doesn’t allow withholding of rent anyway. 
Yeah that’s what my lawyer said. Philly may be different but pa doesn’t protect you from an eviction if you escrow for an issue without a court order. 
Google makes everyone an expert these days haha 
Well it linked me to a renter’s rights group in PA which provided specific info for the state, but it confirmed what I do already know because of my job, which is that not paying rent is never a good idea for a tenant. 
I lived in PA and you can escrow rent but only through the court, you can't legally just withhold it because you decide you should be able to without a judge's knowledge and consent. 
That’s how it works most everywhere. I work in mortgage lending and one of the services we provide is lease contract review for people transitioning from renting to buying. I have yet to see a contact that allows people to withhold rent for any reason. 
Philly laws favor the tenant. They’re did different than the state laws. It’s actually incredibly difficult to evict a tenant in Philly 
So just a tip, but PA does have rules on non payment of rent. I had a community i was living in cause problems and when my lawyer got involved we were told to put payments in an escrow and contact the courts to file so that way we had the rent money and the paper trail showing rent can be paid in full at time of discrepancy remedies Here's link to legal  City Rent Withholding Act - PA General Assembly https://www.legis.state.pa.us/WU01/LI/LI/US/PDF/1965/0/0536..PDF?shem=ssusba 
Same in SC (except, 30 day notice to M2M).  Although, a landlord can say payment of rent renews/executes the lease, so tenant may not truly be "month to month (if landlord accepted payment).  We don't have any rent control though.  Unless you have a lease, all it takes is 30 days notice to jack up rent. Many big cities have local housing ordinances,  so get some local help. 
Philadelphia is a very tenant friendly city: https://www.phila.gov/departments/fair-housing-commission/ I'm not a lawyer, and I no longer live in the city, but I did for nearly 30 years beginning in college. Your landlord seems like the AH. Good luck! 
It also depends on the locality, local government is quite powerful in PA. My city(Erie) just passed a rental/tenant ordinance in October. EDIT: Also just wanted to say solidarity to OP from a fellow Pennsylvanian 
Hi also in Erie! Moved back after ten years no idea why 🥲 
Then why after 13 years do you need another security deposit and last months rent? 
Because he increased the rent and says we have to pay the difference 
