that took some effort,neutral
Whoever uses the last of the roll replaces it and whenever it falls on her there’s a 50/50 chance I’ll find it like this. She swears it’s by accident,neutral
That's called lying.,neutral
And being passive aggressive probably lol,positive
When it escalates to this shouldn't we just call it aggressive/passive?,neutral
Nah weaponized incompetence. You do it once it’s an accident. Maybe twice. At some point you notice and don’t bother to fix it or purposefully do it anyway. She doesn’t like changing the roll. Or she doesn’t like the roll holder.,neutral
Possible solution: Get her a roll holder she adores!,neutral
This was the one I was looking for. This is terminally weaponized incompetence.,negative
I'm morbidly curious what other habits she has to be honest though.,positive
She may or may not wake up a half hour earlier than OP and play shitty murder/mystery podcasts at full shitty Bluetooth speaker volume,positive
And then maybe she makes fun of OP for watching normal stuff,positive
,neutral
Just reading these comments. It’s obvious why I’m alone 😂 I feel attacked,neutral
Coke,neutral
MLM,neutral
Knitting hats for animals she doesn't (yet) own,positive
Amazing at sex.,positive
Or get a girlfriend you adore.,neutral
get a girlfriend we adore,neutral
Soviet anthem intensifies,neutral
Likely easier said than done,neutral
You do it once and you realize it was way harder than it should be because you were drunk and blindfolded. But you fix it. Doing this repeatedly says one of two things: Either person in question is being a hate inspiring level of passive aggressive to the point it calls into question their cognitive abilities or they just have problems with like problem solving or understanding the basics of...well...anything.,negative
Easier solution: Get a new girlfriend,positive
The problem with that is they're already living together so he's gotta get a new girlfriend and possibly a new place to live & roommate and maybe get off the lease or wait it out.,positive
I’d call this sunk cost fallacy depending on whether these are the only or majority of the factors keeping him around. If there are other similar behaviors that show a lack of communication skills it might be good to reconsider despite the effort it would take to separate the living situation.,positive
It is. And op would be better off throwing everything out.,positive
The only people who say "NO" are people who are stuck in shitty relationships.,neutral
My thought is he should think really seriously about his birth control method.  If I was him I wouldn't want to ever be in the position of leaving her alone with a baby.  Ya know?,negative
Nah I'd just ignore it and work around the issue until she gets tired of such trifling behavior,negative
What is she 12,neutral
Aggression with Passion,neutral
I'm a victim of similar behaviour. I'm convinced it's a response to being irritated at being told how to do it correctly. They'd rather do it wrong forever than lose face by doing as instructed.,negative
I like to call it massive aggression.,neutral
Maybe OP always leaves a roll behind with only one usable piece which makes her do this.,negative
Yes that would be an example of passive aggressive behavior as well as a super shitty way to communicate in a relationship.,positive
When you communicate it allows you to come up with a better solution and that is why my g/f and I found the perfect solution.,positive
No paper towel holder and paper towel roll just sits on the microwave.,neutral
Been working for 17 years.,neutral
Hey now what's wrong with communicating solely through the paper towel holder?,negative
Sounds judgemental,neutral
[deleted],neutral
Off with her head,neutral
To the guillotine,neutral
To shreds you say?!,neutral
What about his wife?,neutral
to shreds you say?,neutral
Let her eat Kotex!,neutral
Isn't that why it's here on mildly infuriating?,negative
It's a little annoying when you just need a paper towel but easily fixable and not a big deal.,negative
Thats how it starts.,neutral
Next she will accidentally put a pillow over his head as he sleeps..,neutral
First she stabs the paper towels.  Then puts plastic bag over his head.  While holding him down stabs him with blunt or sharp objects.  It’s classic Girlfriend 110.,positive
What happened to Girlfriend 101 through 109? Quite an advanced class huh?,positive
All of the 100’s are rudimentary courses.  No one will ever understand women.  There are courses on Girls Girlfriends Wives Mothers Ex-Wives Ex-Girlfriends Grandmothers Aunts Mother-In-Laws Sisters The Other Woman.  The course numbers range from 101 to 27000.,negative
So sorry you’re new here. Everything is an intentional slight against you your family and friends and way of life. The only recourse OP has is to break up immediately.,negative
Marry her first so he can divorce her properly,positive
Don't forget to have have a kid (or kids) with her first,positive
Shit I forgot that step,negative
Maybe OP always leaves a roll behind with only one usable piece which makes her do this.,negative
Or maybe she's just trolling,neutral
Actually I generally prefer to be the one to change the paper roll. Same applies to the toilet paper roll in the bathrooms.,positive
When I change them I know that the task will get done correctly. I also know that I won’t change them with dirty hands.,negative
Try this on for size: a careless family member goes to change the paper towel roll in the kitchen. But instead of washing the raw chicken off of their hands (with soap) they just go and touch everything including a brand new paper towel roll.,negative
Yum Yum salmonella for everybody! Yay!  One of these days a family member is going to lose a large intestine due to food poisoning. And yes that can happen!,positive
There’s a hole in the middle for a reason,neutral
That’s what they want you to believe,neutral
That’s what I want to believe too,neutral
